[Music]
eight super easy ways to reduce side fat
the journey towards the beautiful and
toned body is long and hard it takes
determination strong willpower and
regular work without any excuses however
some areas of your body need a special
treating like for example besides that
you just keep doing what you need to but
nothing major is happening how can you
solve this problem once and for all
don't worry price I've got you covered
and found the best exercises that will
help you forget about side back way
faster than you think just do this
simple life time work out with us daily
and prepare to be amazed at the result
so what are you waiting for
put on your workout gear and let's start
[Music]
exercise number one plane
never underestimate the power of a
well-done flank it improves your posture
makes you forget about the back pain and
overall makes you stronger by working
different muscles just what you need in
a fight with side fat place your
forearms on the ground so that your arms
will be parallel to your body and your
elbows will be placed right below your
shoulders keep your back completely
straight and hold this position just as
simple as that so is everything clear
then let's begin don't forget that if
you can either place your palms on the
floor or clasp your hands together while
doing the plank
it wouldn't hurt the effectiveness of an
exercise
[Music]
Blanc is one of those rare exercises
they gives you amazing results even if
you do it one minute a day
it works your biceps as well as neck and
shoulder muscles and in the long run
fills up your core strength how are you
feeling by the way hold this plank
there's only a couple of seconds left
and it's done
what an incredible beginning it's time
to see what's next exercise number two
bicycle crunches bicycle crunches are
considered to be one of the top most
effective ABS exercises and it's not
only your abs that are working your
thighs also have a nice Train regular
workouts with this kind of crunches
included leave you with no side fat
start with laying on the ground and
placing your hands behind your head
then freeze your legs and start to touch
your right elbow to your left knee while
keeping your right leg straight and off
the ground and vice-versa as you can see
from this exercise and its name it's
pretty similar to riding a bike now
let's get to the practice
[Music]
don't forget about your neck while
you're doing bicycle crunches lift it
off the ground and keep it still to
avoid discomfort and pain
[Music]
control your breathing and don't rush
let your body process things a bit
slower and get proper training for all
the muscles
[Music]
three-two-one
well done exercise number three side
plank
and we're back to the plank we just
can't get enough of it fun is fun
besides Lange is quite underrated which
is surprising because it works of vital
muscle called quadratus lumborum muscle
and without further ado let's just get
to it
you should start this exercise on your
side putting your legs together and
making sure your forum is exactly below
your shoulder then freeze your body off
the ground and make it a straight line
from your head to your toes hold this
position get ready we're setting the
clock begin
[Music]
the best timing for side plank is two or
more minutes don't go way too crazy
though four minutes is a maximum amount
of time that will give you a lifelong
title of the queen or the king of a side
plank
we're definitely aiming for that right
[Music]
a couple more seconds
there you go now you're one step closer
to a perfect and flat belly and being a
side plank loyalty and we're moving
along exercise number four leg lifts leg
lifts is another great way to give a
good training your abdominal muscles and
is ranked as one of the most effective
ABS exercises so when you're dealing
with side thighs this exercise is
essential for your daily workout see it
for yourself
lie on your back with your legs straight
and place your hand under your bum and
here comes the hard part you have to
lift your legs as high as you possibly
can and then lower them down again but
without touching the floor it's going to
be challenging but we will get through
it right the clock is ready go make sure
you're keeping your leg straight while
you're doing this exercise leg lifts
will help you have a fat free belly plus
they also have a great effect on your
posture
[Music]
keep going you're doing a great job
and it turns up take a deep breath and
let's move along exercise number five
Russian twist
yes the name of this last but not least
exercise is kind of strange but the
results that will give you are still
exceptional Russian twists work all of
your abdominal muscles and are purely
magic at burning side fat now let's see
how exactly it's done first and foremost
it's better to do this exercise in front
of your couch or your bed the starting
position is lying down with your knees
bent and your feet under this couch or
bed then lift your upper body exactly
that it would make a 45-degree angle to
the ground while holding your arms
straight lis together and clasping your
hands push your torso to the right side
until your arms are parallel to the
ground hold this position for about five
seconds and return to the start repeat
the same algorithm for your left side
then back to the right side and so on so
are you ready it's time to start
[Music]
control your back while you're doing
this exercise it should it be rounded
[Music]
Russian twists is a wonderful way to
stay in shape and get rid of the love
handles it strengthens the oblique
muscles on the sides of your abdomen
which is exactly what we need
[Music]
breathe in and out we're almost there
three two one nice job that's it for the
exercising I'm so proud of you shall we
do this one more time
you can now sit back and relax as we are
going to tell you about other a couple
of small things you can do to reduce
side fat in addition to the exercise
routine we just did if you will stick to
the workout and follow these simple
rules you would definitely kiss side fat
goodbye
[Music]
number one reduce the number of calories
you're consuming
at the end of the day if you want to
have a perfect result of burning site
that you should definitely change things
up in your menu your eating habits
highly influence your weight and
physique and even though exercising on
its own won't give you good results it
still won't remove this issue trying to
replace high calorie dishes and food
with low-calorie ones and you'll already
see the different sweets and other
products that are high in sugar should
be excluded from your ration as well
don't forget about eating fruits and
vegetables there are also products that
do a great job at burning fat simply
because they increase your metabolism
among them are whole grains low fat
dairy and hot peppers just take a look
at what you eat every day and make some
changes for the best number 2 flaxseed
oil flaxseed oil is one of the essential
nutrients and the thing is your body
stimulates more hunger when there's not
enough of it
so basically flaxseed oil gives you that
great feeling of being full so you won't
feel the need to eat more than you
already did as you can probably guess it
results in a certain weight loss
flaxseed oil also improves your
metabolism and splits fats quite rapidly
you combine in bottles or find another
option that you will find much more
suitable depending on your preferences
it is recommended to take one teaspoon
every morning you can also use it for
salad dressings and mix it up with lemon
juice
[Music]
number three reduce the consumption of
the alcohol
[Music]
a lot of us want to unwind after a long
hard day watching a movie or some TV
show with a glass of wine
yes it's an appealing image but actually
alcohol is no good for you especially
when you're trying to lose weight and
burn unnecessary fat a glass of wine
along with the beer has over 100
calories now try to calculate how many
calories you gain when you're chilling
after work or going out on the weekends
with your friends so all the work you're
doing with the exercising and changing
our eating habits or crossed out by the
alcohol just keep that in mind while
you're on your way to your dream weight
and figure most of the time side fat is
usually the first one to appear on your
body and the last one to go that's why
it can be challenging to reduce it
completely but there's nothing
impossible and regular work both on your
body and on your menu will make it
happen just be determined and patient
and you will get there do you have a
story of our own on what helped you do
away with side fat share them with us in
the comments below don't forget to give
us a thumbs up join us on the bright
side
[Music]